Now the final stage of your campaign creation is submitting it for review by Kickstarter.
So once you've submitted it and once they've had a look at it that it's not offensive that it doesn't
break any of the rules then they're going to send you an email telling you that your campaign is ready
for launch and if you hit the green button when you say continue to land it means that it will go live
at the day that you specified.
So what are the things that you should do before making it go live.
Well you might want to have a couple of people you know have a look at it and put their eyeballs on
your project to see if your wedding is on point.
If your images make sense if your video is convincing enough.
So a really great way of doing that is through prefund.
So once you've created a Kickstarter campaign you can actually submit it to the prefund your team who
will scrape all the data from your campaign that you've created and they'll put it onto their website.
So there's a number of people who browse this Web site seeing what is about to come up in the Kickstarter
world.
And sometimes people give you feedback and it can generate pre-campaign excitement.
So the other thing is that once you've created your Kickstarter campaign before it's going live you
can actually share a mockup version of it to all your friends and family.
So once you've created that Kickstarter project you get a link that you can shed people and it shows
people what your campaign looks like at the moment and it allows people to give feedback really really
easily on the site so you can see who left what feedback and what you might want to change.
So this is something that we used quite successfully.
We actually got all of our family and friends as well as a number of crowdfunding experts to take a
look at our campaign and to give us some tips or hints of some small things that we can update or change
that might make it work a little bit better.
And one of the most useful pieces of feedback that we got was actually that we underpriced ourself and
somebody suggested that maybe we should include a tear that was a slightly higher price point and that
was a really really valuable piece of feedback.
So you don't know what kind of feedback you will get and sometimes you're kind of too close to your
own project to actually see the flaws in it.
So share your product before it goes live and get some feedback and get some reviews from your friends
and family as well as experts.
So this is another great place for experts on clarity FM.
You have a lot of people who've done crowdfunding campaigns before they know the ins and outs of what
a successful campaign page should look like and they can offer you some pretty good advice on maybe
how you can optimize your particular campaign.
Now Kickstarter says that most projects are initially reviewed within 48 to 72 hours hardware and product
design products have additional guidelines and often take closer to a week.
So be aware of how long it might take before your product will get approved and it's really important
because if you're working with a really really tight timeline and your product is held in review by
Kickstarter for that period of time it might mean that you won't hit the deadlines that you were initially
hoping for.
So it's always a good idea to submit to Kickstarter as soon as you're ready to go live and give them
that week.
Or you know sometimes it can even take 14 days for them to finish reviewing your project.
But give yourself that buffer so you can hit the right time points that you want.
And once they've approved it then you're going to get an email.
And when you go into your project you're going to go and see this green checkmark.
So it says that your project is ready to go and everybody gets really scared by hitting that green button
because this says continued to launch.
But usually at this point you're not actually ready to go live yet because you've set a specific date
to go live.
Maybe coinciding with your launch party may be coinciding with you know 8:00 p.m. where everybody is
online.
So when you hit that green button it doesn't mean that your project is going to go live immediately.
Well you'll actually see next after hitting that button it says.
Are you ready to launch.
Please review and confirm and then once you've confirmed it will launch and make your project go live
on the date and time that you've set it to go live.
So that's really really important Don't worry hitting that button doesn't make it go live straight away.
And instead it's your pre-planted.
So we've spoken quite a lot about how to make your campaign the best that it can be and there's quite
a lot of information in this module.
So go ahead and have a look back when you're creating the various parts of your campaign.
So if you have any questions do ask and we'll try our best to answer them.